Problem Statement Worksheet (Hypothesis formulation)


1. Context Why are you working on this problem?
* The new lift needs a valuation on the amount of money it generates for the park, and looking at data from ski resorts across the country is a good way to see how ski lift utility for each park predicts revenue 
2. Criteria for success What will make this work successful?
   1. How does changing ski lift utility in Big Mountain Resort shift it in marketspace, how much more money should that make?
   2. To succeed the lift needs to generate an estimated $1.681.680 in revenue (operating cost, plus 9.5 percent target profit) 
3. Scope of the solution space What is the focus of the business initiative; What items are you focusing on exclusively
   1. Look at data from ski resorts, focus on number of lifts, skiable terrain + vertical drop as it relates to seasonal ticket sales as a metric for 'utility' added by each lift
4. Constraints of the solution space What constraints may prevent the initiative from succeeding?
   1. Ticket sales have factors independent of number of lifts, i.e. an individual's proximity to the resort, advertising efforts, price of a lift ticket. If maintaining 9.5% profit margin requires changing lift ticket prices, this could adversely affect revenue. Also if the lifts have a positive increase in reputation to the park, this added revenue may not be seen until later in the season; next season.
5. Stakeholders to provide key insight who needs to be involved in the project? Where will you source data? Who will be presented recommendations?
   1. Jimmy Blackburn- Director of operations
   2. Alesha Eisen- Database Manager
6. Key Data Sources What key pieces of data are needed to answer questions related to solving the problem?
   1. AdultWeekday and AdultWeekend chairlift ticket costs 
   2. projected days open
   3. days open last year
   4. Region of resorts
   5. Number of chairs in parks + Skiable Terrain + number of trams + fast quads, fast triples
      1. these combined should allow for the creation of a metric which approximates the 'utility' of each lift
   6. vertical drop
   7. number of runs
